<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<ui:composition xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets" xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core"
  xmlns:jsf="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf" xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
  template="/WEB-INF/incl/layouts/GCWeb.xhtml">

  <f:metadata>
    <f:viewAction action="#{authenticator.prepareAuthenticationForStep}" />
  </f:metadata>

  <ui:param name="otherLanguage" value="eregistrer/code" />

  <ui:define name="name">
    <ui:include src="/WEB-INF/incl/content/default/name-#{language.localeCode}.xhtml" />
  </ui:define>

  <ui:define name="help">
    <ui:include src="/WEB-INF/incl/content/default/help-#{language.localeCode}.xhtml" />
  </ui:define>

  <ui:define name="content">
    <h1>Secure your account</h1>
    <h2>Record your recovery code</h2>
    <p>You must record this recovery code to protect your account. Keep it somewhere safe but accessible.</p>
    <label for="recovery_code">
      This is your recovery code: #{identity.getWorkingParameter('new_code')}
    </label>
    <ul class="list-unstyled">
      <li>
        <details>
          <summary>Why do you need a recovery code?</summary>
          <p>If you lose or damage your smartphone, tablet or security key, or if you
          reinstall your authenticator app, then you can recover access to your
          ATIP account using this recovery code.</p>
        </details>
      </li>
    </ul>
    <section class="alert alert-info">
      <h4>Note:</h4>
      <p>If you have just used your old recovery code then a new
        replacement code has been generated. Your old code will no longer
        work.</p>
      </section>
    <p>Write this code down, or print this page using the button below. Then store it in a secure location!</p>
    <p>
      <button id="print" class="btn btn-default" onclick="enableContinue(this); window.print()">
        <span class="glyphicon glyphicon-print"></span>
        Print this page
      </button>
    </p>

    <section class="alert alert-warning">
      <h4>Do not share or lose this code!</h4>
      <p>Without this recovery code you could permanently lose access to your account.</p>
      <p>In the wrong hands, this code could be misused to compromise your account. You are responsible for its safekeeping.</p>
    </section>

    <h:messages style="color:red;" />
    <br />
    <p>Have you securely recorded this code?</p>
    <form horizontal="true" jsf:id="loginForm" jsf:action="#{authenticator.authenticate}" class="form-horizontal">
      <input jsf:id="action" type="hidden" styleClass="form-control" autocomplete="off" />
      <input jsf:id="confirmCodeBox" type="checkbox" styleClass="checkmark" style="position:relative !important;" onchange="enableContinue(this)" />
      <label style="color:#000" for="saved">
        <strong>Yes, I have written down or printed the recovery code above.</strong>
      </label>
      <br />
      <div class="cddol-lg-12">
        <nav class="mrgn-bttm-lg" role="navigation">
          <h2 class="wb-inv">Document navigation</h2>
          <ul class="pager">
            <li class="pull-right">
              <button jsf:id="loginButton1" styleClass="btn btn-primary" type="submit" jsf:action="#{authenticator.authenticate}">Continue</button>
            </li>
          </ul>
        </nav>
      </div>
    </form>
  </ui:define>

  <ui:define name="scripts">
    <script type="text/x-javascript">
      document.getElementById("loginForm:loginButton1").disabled = true;
      document.getElementById("loginForm:confirmCodeBox").checked = false;

      function fillInCancel(){
        document.getElementById("loginForm:action").value = "cancel";
      }

      function enableContinue(source) {
        var continueBtn = document.getElementById("loginForm:loginButton1");
        if (source.id === 'loginForm:confirmCodeBox') {
            continueBtn.disabled = ! source.checked;
          } else {
            document.getElementById("loginForm:confirmCodeBox").checked = true;
            continueBtn.disabled = false;
        }
      }

    </script>
  </ui:define>
</ui:composition>