<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets">
    <p>
    ATIP Online uses secure 2-factor authentication to secure your account.
  </p>
    <p>You can set up your mobile device (smartphone or tablet) to serve as a second factor, or you can use a FIDO ("Fast Identity Online") Universal Second Factor (U2F) security key.</p>
    <ul class="list-unstyled">
        <li>
            <details>
                <summary>What is 2-factor authentication?</summary>
                <p>
          2-factor authentication is a way to confirm users by using a combination of two different factors:
        </p>
                <ul>
                    <li>
                        <strong>something they know</strong>
                        (for example a password)
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <strong>something they have</strong>
                        (a physical object)
                    </li>
                </ul>
                <p>Think of it like a locked door that can only be opened with
                both a key and a secret code on a keypad. Someone pretending to
                be you should never be able to get both those things.</p>
                <p>For ATIP Online you can set up your mobile device (smartphone
                or tablet) to serve as a second factor, or you can use a FIDO
                U2F security key (a special hardware security device that fits
                in the USB port of your computer).</p>
                <p>FIDO U2F security keys are available for purchase online. If
                you don’t have a smartphone or tablet then this is your best
                option.</p>
                <p>
                    <strong>Can’t use either of these options?</strong>
                </p>
                <p>Please contact ATIP Digital Services Client Support for assistance.</p>
            </details>
        </li>
    </ul>

</ui:composition>